I loved the first Pacific Rim and that
classic tale of robots and monsters that
halt weights in that holds power I grew
up watching the old giant monster movies
from Japan the classics like Ultraman
space Giants and of course Godzilla I
just ate it up everybody has felt that
fleeting windows once this guy through a
city
it creates an instant excitement with
the technology we have we have a chance
to make it that much more spectacular
mother decorated answer cohen economist
Aniceto science our king Cara Mata and
Marko in Steiner tamati comedy and of
course the model decorated coitus
ultimately it's a world conflict and
everyone's put aside their differences
and come together many you enter this
program you join a family we stand
together that's what makes us strong
this is our time this is our chance to
make a difference
I'll help me save the world Pacific Rim
uprising gives an answer back to those
monsters that we've grown up watching if
they were to attack us what would we
have we have the Eggers the fight
sequences of different than any other
movie I've ever done you're plugged in
and you're along for the ride
[Music]
Amara built scrapper
she's committed her whole life to this
Jaeger there's things about the kaiju
that we've never seen before it's just
epic
I can announce that this is the most
action I've ever done
like can I take it to the best books in
my shepherd
you